    Once there was a man. He was sad, because he could not sing. He had, since his childhood (which had been a very lonely and rather miserable one), dreamed of being singer. But sadly, he possessed not even a signle ounce of talent. And he had tried to sing. He tried very, very hard to squeeze out even one little note. Once this man had had a cat. Then he tried to sing, and he became instead the proud owner of the corpse of a very scared and nearly deaf cat. After that incident, the man decided he'd better just give up on his dreams of singing.
    One day he went to the doctor. "Doctor," he said, "my arm really hurts." The doctor looked at his arm. "Well," she said, "your arm appears to be haunted by the angry ghost of a deceased cat." The man was disappointed, but not all that surprised. "What can I do?" he asked, downcast. "Nothing," said the doctor, "it is fatal. You are going to die in exactly 2 hours." The man was again disappointed, but honestly not surprised.
    "Well," he thought to himself, "if I only have two hours to live, I should try and get the most out of life." The man thought about how he could do this, thought long and hard. He finally decided the best way to get the msot out of his ever-shortening life was to find true love. The doctor interrupted his thoughts: "Sir, you've been sitting here for one hour. Are you alright?" The man looked at the doctor. "Doctor," he said, "will you marry me? I think I am really and truly in love with you." The doctor looked surprised and a little worried. "No, you creep," she said, and threw him out of her office.
    The man went home and sat on his bed. He now had 5 minutes left to live. Suddenly he remembered his child dream of singing. "Maybe, as my mortality begins to catch up to me, maybe some higher power will take mercy on me and allow me this one small gift. Maybe now, I can sing." He took a deep breath, paused, and then belted out the most ear-piercing, hair-raising unmusical shriek ever to exist. Disappointed, the man died.
